---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Roulette
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

###  {#0b3d .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="0b3d"}

> "Do you ever feel guilty being happy?"

I carelessly place my steps on the gravels, making echoes, on the dirty
dry spits that I tread, like a Moses making his way between walls made
of squirming screaming faces.

> "I don't know. Do you?"

And here were are, talking, chatting on the last day of the world,
there's no tomorrow --- tomorrow. That's a period. Period. No use in
complaining how the poor lass got on with an old fat pimp. How the old
hag seduced that nosebleed kid. How the world got sold to the naked
flesh. But then there's just not enough money in the world to pay off
the debt. But let's just get on with this anyway. Like there's no
tomorrow. There'll be no tomorrow anyway.

*I think I like you.* I want to say. Saying that will make no difference
anyway. If you are in need of flesh you go and buy some flesh in the
market. But where can you find a black market for souls to match your
beat?

Do I fear to look into those eyes? Those terribly deep eyes? Surely, the
scientist inside would want to dismiss this as some primal instinct. And
the vagabond Homer will hopelessly chime --- Nay, the gods have cursed
me to be enamored by you.

Should you believe in fate? Is this a love song? For whom? Why? You want
to sit on an empty bench on a cold evening. You want to scream and shout
at the top of your lungs, to the sky and the heaven beyond to make
something notice that you exist. But then, does there has to be a reason
for everything?

> "Are you worried about anything?"

> "Nah. Shit happens"
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [November 6, 2018](https://medium.com/p/282586a9837c).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/roulette-282586a9837c){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
