---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: 
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

### Sacrifice {#9089 .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="9089"}

#### A love story gone wrong {#8c27 .graf .graf--h4 .graf-after--h3 .graf--subtitle name="8c27"}

[K]{.graf-dropCap}iara didn't know what to do with him. He had fallen
asleep on the sofa again where his obfuscated face lay hidden with signs
of drooling all over the place.

She wanted to shout at him. Her husband of two years. Ever since their
marriage, all she had been doing was cooking and making the bed for him,
cleaning the house, do this, do that, do that again, and again, the next
day and the day after. By the end of the first week of their marriage,
she seriously started entertaining the thought of just leaving him and
run away to some unknown place.

But seems like she couldn't leave him. After all, Vigo used to try his
best to keep her happy. It's not his fault that she's in this state now.
She had chosen it. This marriage. And she hated it, she regretted it.
When no one's around she'd just howl and cry, sitting on the floor of
their small bathroom.

It's not that Vigo's a bad person. It's just that he had lost the
capacity to be beneficial to others. And people like that, no matter how
much you talk about the grandeur of love and romance, are at the end of
the day, hard to attend to.

He played with his food, he pissed in his pants, he couldn't change his
shirt, neither did he remember occasionally going out in the streets
wearing nothing.

Everyone would click their tongue in deep sympathy for her.

> "Fuck your sympathy!" Kiara often thought.

She's been reduced to a bloody carer, a housemaid. All she did is cook
and feed and pat and keep calm. Keep calm every single second, keep calm
when he laughs distortedly, keep calm even if he keeps on saying words
that he didn't even get, what they are supposed to mean to her or
others.

Everyone knew Kiara as a soft-spoken person. And so was Vigo. Vigo was
the superstar of the college, he was tall and handsome, and excelled in
both badminton and mathematics. That's where they met each other, in
fact. When taking MAT 640 together.

Back then Kiara was not how she looked now. She had no bags under her
eyes, she was neither chubby nor hunched from the all the dishwashing.

She was --- truly beautiful. And as equally brilliant as Vigo had been.
By the time they had had their first conversation, they both casually
confessed to each other about their feelings. It was a love story made
for the movies.

After graduation, they both won a scholarship to study mathematics at
the University of Oxford. Everyone was proud and happy for them

The days were exciting. The studies, the classes, the living together
and everyday hangouts. Yet, all of it seemed so far away now. Kiara
couldn't even remember when was the last time Vigo had properly kissed
her. His face was so distorted that it took a long time for her to get
used to it.

Vigo was still drooling, and Kiara had to sniff twice to realize that
Vigo had pissed in his pants --- again.

Something sparked inside her head. She had had enough! In the haze of
anger, she kicked Vigo in the stomach, screaming something even she
didn't understand. Vigo wailed indistinctly and squirmed in pain, and
still, Kiara kept shouting at him at the top of her lungs. She no more
cared if the neighbors heard her or the police came and took her away.
She threw out all those words on him and all the sentences that had made
her cry in silence behind the hidden doors. But she did not care
anymore. Not at all.

Vigo tried saying something. But no one was there to hear him anymore.
Kiara had left the house. Leaving the door wide open.

"Ki?" Vigor wailed at the gaping door.

"Ki. Please come back."

"Ki! Ki!"

There was something Vigo did not remember. He did remember that he was
not born this way. He remembered that he had great potentials, and had
set out to change the world with his ambitious works. Yet, he here he
lay in the living room of a rented shabby house, himself reduced to a
pulp of flesh, and he never knew why.

But she knew. And it was the reason Kiara had cried for days when she
finally woke up and learned in the hospital bed about what had happened.
How Vigo had pushed her away from a falling rod near a construction
site- how the rod had penetrated part of Vigo's skull, distorting his
face and destroying the beautifully talented mind for good. Kiara knew
all the details. she knew it all.

But Vigo knew nothing. He only knew that a woman named Ki loved him for
some reason. And he believed in that love as toddlers did.

So he kept chanting her name because he knew, sooner or later, it would
bring her back to him...
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [November 17, 2018](https://medium.com/p/8bcc5b60a875).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/sacrifice-8bcc5b60a875){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
