---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Fears
date: 2018-10-28 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

A story of hauntings 


We were making love.

The day was tiring, as always. Busy hours speed by like rushing buses.
She waits here for me, all day, looking forward to hearing me knock at
the doors.
There isn't much to mention. You wake up, make coffee, you get to the
office, come back and get to bed. What happens in between is barely
enough to call --- life.

Most days I'm exhausted to bits. I kick off the shoes, I throw the dirty
socks away like a child. It's hard being a grown up all the time.

"I made some pasta for you."
I look at her as if a pug given a bowl of biscuits. I'm not sure if pugs
like biscuits though. But I jump up and I grab her by the waist and kiss
her --- really slow.
"I love you."
"I love you too. Get the pasta, it's gonna get cold."

After having the pasta, we sit there in the half-lit room. By the
window, there's just enough light so that I can see her hairs hanging
like a frame, her triangular face now getting squarish.

It's been a while we've been together. And I don't want to be without
her.\
Even though it gets unbearable at times, for her, and me.\
But then again you don't complain when you make love. You don't stare
into the ceiling thinking about something else, someone else...

> "I want your baby."

> "What? No."

> "What do you mean no?"

> "I said no!"

> "But why?!"

> "I said no!"

She starts crying in silent hiccoughs. In the little lights, I can
barely see the lines of tears running down her cheeks. It makes her even
more beautiful to look at. I stare into her eyes, and I feel myself
being torn between a terrible bottomless chasm. How can I tell her, what
I've seen, what I've been through?

We finish it silently. We lie on our back, drenched in sweat, panting
from the toil.
She is still crying. 
I do not dare to speak.

How could I tell her, of this terrible fear? 
I work in the medical section. Would be parents come nervous, some leave
happy, others leave screaming and wailing. But I'm used to seeing all
those.

I don't know what's more scary. Having a stillborn? Or the possibility
of bringing a life to this hell full of endless agonies and sufferings.
Here, where men pit against men like wild-animals, where even a child
cannot save herself from the sinful stares and lustful hands. Bombs,
bayonets, and mines. Floods, famines, and fights. How can you call such
a thing --- life? Struggling to stay above the water, and then
eventually drown in it? How do you find meaning in something that is
bound to end in smoke like that?

And so, after knowing it all, how can I?

I fall asleep and dream of my little one. I hold her in my arms. She
barely fits in there. She smiles at me... calls me *Papa* while holding
out her wiggly little arms. And just when I am ecstatic enough, I wake
up to an empty bed.

She's not here. 
Behind the closed bathroom doors, she's still sobbing.
For a split second, I feel my head would burst into pieces.

But then it's late. The neighbors would be annoyed if I make a fuss.
Besides, I've got to be at work in the morning. Just another day that I
don't look forward to but have to be there anyway.

---

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar)
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
