---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: 
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

### The LoveÂ Virus {#c9ab .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="c9ab"}

[In]{.graf-dropCap} the Autumn of '34, the Love Virus broke out. And it
was absolutely devastating.

One the firsts infected, were a group of street goons, who were spotted
helping mothers deliver babies, instead of mugging as usual. By the time
this news reached the mafia covenants, all the ransoms collected had
already been returned to the victims. The last political propaganda that
the media had been broadcasting was interrupted by the howling of
inmates of the central jail who were apparently struck with a sudden
feeling of extreme remorse.

It was soon reported that out of the blue, all the landlords have
suddenly decided to charge minimum for their tenants and the tenants
themselves have offered to preserve the cleanliness of the residences.
Meanwhile, in the streets, the number of female pedestrians had sharply
risen, as all the men had suddenly transformed into gentlemen. The bus
drivers stopped cursing and raging down the roads. The senior citizens
were surprised when youngsters began offering them seats on the trains
again.

It was a mess. People no longer wrangled over breaking the lines and no
one peed on the sidewalks. What an abomination it was to witness when
the fraudsters started calling up the people they had frauded and
invited them to dinners for a change.

The hospitals were safe initially, trying to prevent the epidemic, but
eventually, they fell too. The hospital administration stopped charging
outrageous amounts, nor did they discriminate when admitting patients.
Within a week, the number of death cases fell to the bottom. CC-Cams and
metal detectors went fully dysfunctional from the lack of maintenance.
The shops were all but deserted. People could finally sleep without
worrying about theft and robbery. At the end of the second week, the
policemen suddenly forgot how to take bribes, and so did the honorable
officials of the state.

All the bureaucrats were scratching their chins to figure out a way to
tackle this chaos. Meanwhile, business owners had already started to
share all of their incomes with their laborer colleagues in the
industries. The corporate offices had taken the toll too. The bosses no
longer forced their subordinates to stay after office hours, and the
staff had suddenly become sincere towards their duties.

Within a month, the banks went bankrupt as they stopped charging
interests for loans. Cash could be found on the streets, lying around,
as no one had any use for them. People were so severely infected by the
love virus that they didn't even demand anything in return for helping
out others. Freedom was suddenly on the rise as was the good manners and
goodwill. Families bonded again, parents stopped fighting each other,
children no longer screamed for expensive toys and house-owners shared
their meals with the housekeepers.

In desperate measures, the Government locked down the secretariat and
the parliament. But it was all in vain. Soon, there was no one to fill
in for ministers and magistrates anymore. They had, by then, abandoned
all their secret wealth and given up the titles and the powers as no one
even cared about what they meant.

The amnesia caused by the love virus was so severe that people forgot
the essentials of the survival of the fittest. Throughout the world, it
was all a horrifying scenario. The Israeli soldiers were spotted hugging
the Palestinians as they wept. The Rohingyas were welcomed by their
brothers across the borders. The Syrian refugees had found new homes and
jobs. No one knew what the word ethnic minority meant. The dictators
retired and were reportedly seen working on the farmlands side by side
with their former diplomatic competitors. The embassies were out of
staff, the IMF and World Bank lost their schemes, the UN was of no use
anymore. And the Human Rights watches had lost all their purpose since
the love virus had taken care of it all.

By the winter of '34, all the secret nuclear silos had decomposed into
rubbles, the cogs of ammunition industries had jammed, the barrels of
assault rifles lay in the armory, rusty from unuse, all the submarines
and destroyers had sunk, and the jet planes lay in pieces in the
hangers, all marooned. It was truly the end of the world as we knew it.
The Love Virus had spread everywhere, in every direction, infecting the
hearts and turning living breathing monsters into horribly loving human
beings. And that's how the whole planet had once again turned into a
green ball of love, happiness, and everlasting peace.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [August 1, 2018](https://medium.com/p/cf09cbc6049e).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/the-love-virus-cf09cbc6049e){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
