---
title: Mania
---

Mania {#mania .p-name}
=====

::: {.section .p-summary data-field="subtitle"}
Just some motions stuck in the head like a picture
:::

::: {.section .e-content data-field="body"}
::: {.section .section .section--body .section--first .section--last name="714f"}
::: {.section-divider}

------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::

::: {.section-content}
::: {.section-inner .sectionLayout--insetColumn}
### Mania {#caac .graf .graf--h3 .graf--leading .graf--title name="caac"}

#### Just some motions stuck in the head like a picture {#3553 .graf .graf--h4 .graf-after--h3 .graf--subtitle name="3553"}

![**Artwork:** Francisco de Goya y
Lucientes --- The Madhouse](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*KLs2Ki-IGFsHDNho8dKo6A.jpeg){.graf-image}

[A]{.graf-dropCap} series of motions stuck in the head like a picture.
Eternity trapped in a ball of fur, squirming to explode like a
supernova, but sitting there calmly --- like a cat in a jar.

> "Mate! Mate! Are you okay?"

Is it too wrong to stagger away from the paramedics if they seem as if
they are going to spit on your face, like the day I was lying helpless
on a cold hard floor, tied to the ground, for being in sanity?

> "It's okay. We're here to help you. Don't move. Just some straps to
> check your vitals"

But am I really lying on the floor? I seem to be standing, inside a
steamy hot shower, late at night, thinking of all that I have left
behind, or should I say, have pushed me forward? The water isn't warm
enough to burn my skin to chars, but it's neither hot enough to soothe
my soul. How could nothing I do absolve me of these hauntings?

But you see, I cannot differ the real from dream, or dream from reality.
You do not know if you're still in love, are you just acting like a
puppet on the show, maybe there is a beetle inside you, making you brush
your teeth and walk and go through all the tedious motions. You cannot
be sure, whether you'll wake up kissing her, or get strangled by the
same person as some unknown faceless goon. The lurking assaulters rip
her while she's lying there beside you, and as you lurch forward to help
in, only to find yourself in front of the deathbed of a dear uncle.

> "Dude? Are you okay?" He asks intently.

Or is he smiling at me? Reading my thoughts, my demons, judging me for
the things I glorify unnecessarily.

But then, how could you explain the rift of being torn between the
senses. How do you leave the soothing spirituality and accept neurotic
rational discourses for life? How do you go on living in the present
when you're stuck in the past. The memories of your ancients are all
that you have, the heritage, the culture, and yet, should you let the
ghosts of blessed souls haunt you into being one of them?

But then, it's all a motion stuck inside a picture in your head. A
picture of me screaming at the wall in some long forgotten damp room of
an empty asylum. Just an inextinguishable, inglorious, picture of
insanity.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [November 4, 2018](https://medium.com/p/84f714aa9f06).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/mania-84f714aa9f06){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
