---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Blur
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

###  {#d3fd .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="d3fd"}

[T]{.graf-dropCap}ime sped past me --- making everything a blur in the
canvas of my memory. Here I am, walking down the sidewalk beside
Dhanmondi 27, looking for something I am not really sure of. The bricks
beneath my feet have zigzagged into the puzzle of a child's imagination.
The boots, the heels, all that tread these blocks are busy, living in
their own bubbles, side by side, but never colliding, as if parallel
lines, or some complex geometric theorem that I never cared to learn.

*The afternoon descends slowly, it blurs the horizon into watercolor
hues, like the failed paintings of my sister, who dreams beautifully and
cries in a locked room when she cannot pour her imagination into the
whiteness of the betraying pages of her diary. Around me, are all faces,
crossing the busy roads, passing me by, face dipped into the black
mirrors of the Silicon Valley. Sometimes, little kids in dirty clothes
would appear, barely able to walk, dropping on their knees, giggling,
their eyes full of wonder at the things they see through those curious
eyes. And I can't help but wonder, what life has in store for them. Do
they remember the days when they were fast asleep in the warmth of the
wombs of their mother? I hope they don't get too dazzled by the darkness
of this game called life.*

Meanwhile, the phone rings, anxious voices from the other side are
looking for me. I suddenly want to tell them that I'm looking for that
person too. The guards at the door of posh stores keep standing,
coaching bound groups of teens excitedly gossip about some college
scandal. I pause a little, to breathe in the hot dry air of June Summer,
I let her burn my lungs so that I can learn to count my blessings.

But I am too bad at math, especially when comes to prioritizing whom I
should love first, and I have fallen for many, and many may have fallen
for me in silence, and loved me as madly as I loved some imaginary muse
in stranger dreamscapes.

> But that was so long ago that it almost seems yesterday, blurred by
> the speed of time, the faces that I've known have changed before my
> eyes and so have I, and you can't run away from yourself the way some
> had done. And whatever I do, wherever I go, these roads follow me,
> calling me at the junctions of endless possibilities. But I have only
> one to choose and whatever I choose, I always choose pain. Each --- a
> different kind of pain, but hurts all the same.

And sometimes, you feel like your feet will fail you, and the sky will
do you no mercy when it hails rain. No one will come to hold an umbrella
for you, but still, "What if someone did?" you secretly hope. "What if
there were no walls between us, and what if all the love, lust and
hatred that we have felt are all stirred and mixed together into some
beautiful fluid art, creating starry nights, full of warmth. Now
wouldn't that be a masterpiece!"

But then again you realize that that masterpiece that you considered so
pure and perfect is not that smooth after all. It has cracks, and
through those cracks --- it bleeds. It bleeds colors, sometime tears and
sometime intoxicating, nausea invoking sense of pleasure.

The shops stay open to the flies, the streets are half dug and left to
dry, and I am just a passerby, who can stop now, but wishes to go on
forever.

> I wonder what forever would look like. It'd probably look like an
> epitaph, I think. The ones that get worn off by storms and hails, in
> the days of summer, they stay cool, shadowed by the loving Birches,
> and all the grasshoppers gather to hold daily mournings for the ones
> who have left early to join the eternal squads. What would it be like,
> I wonder.

I wonder if the old man who is walking beside me right now is all set
for the passing. And I am suddenly distracted by the wail of a stray
dog, its cry of pain, echoes inside me when I wake up at night and
realize that it was just a dream. Yesterday has passed already and so
will today, and the next day would just be another blurry yesterday,
faces will stay to leave when there's enough time, a train will always
wait for each of us and the torrents of some unexpected bliss might
soothe the pains that we hide beneath our obsolete scars, but whatever
happens, we are here and we are not, for maybe this whole life is just
another dream, a dream within a dream, where all is a blur, but it was a
pleasure, nonetheless, to have lived enough to live in the moments of
desperate desires to be loved, felt and understood.

These thoughts will not stay, neither will these faces, the loves we
have loved will all be lost, and just like tired dusts settling down
comfortably on the abandoned furnitures of some old haunted shack, all
will slowly lose its radiance, and sit still for eternity.

*I hope tomorrow won't be as darkly desolate as the dying blur of this
evening...*
:::
:::
:::

::: {.section .section .section--body .section--last name="502b"}
::: {.section-divider}

------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::

::: {.section-content}
::: {.section-inner .sectionLayout--insetColumn}
Originally written for the \#sehritales collective at \#litmosphere
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [June 12, 2018](https://medium.com/p/f86a2867a198).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/blur-f86a2867a198){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
