---
title: 'Thoughts on Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain''s Sultana''s Dream'
---

Thoughts on Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain's Sultana's Dream {#thoughts-on-rokeya-sakhawat-hossains-sultanas-dream .p-name}
=====================================================

::: {.section .p-summary data-field="subtitle"}
Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain's Sultana's Dream shows amazing imaginative
fore-thinking and deserves applause for envisioning women's...
:::

::: {.section .e-content data-field="body"}
::: {.section .section .section--body .section--first .section--last name="0bf7"}
::: {.section-divider}

------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::

::: {.section-content}
::: {.section-inner .sectionLayout--insetColumn}
![Source:
Internet](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*zZdjhKtPeuKOwxOwLdwyDg.png){.graf-image}

### **Thoughts on Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain's Sultana's Dream** {#dc16 .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="dc16"}

[R]{.graf-dropCap}okeya Sakhawat Hossain's *Sultana's Dream* shows
amazing imaginative fore-thinking and deserves applause for envisioning
women's emancipation in the colonial India. Yet, as an inclusivist, I
think there are some fundamental problematic logic lying underneath the
seemingly harmless feminist utopian dream. Here are some of my personal
observations on what works and what might not work for an inclusive
future for all.

In the story, the protagonist, Sultana, falls asleep while thinking of
the state of women in India. In her dreams, she finds herself in a
'Female-dominated' technotopia, where men have taken the place of women
in 'Zenana' and are now imprisoned in the 'Mardana '. It needs no
hesitation to say that the genius of Hossain lies in her futuristic
aspiration, leaving aside the radical gender-role-swapping thematics.
Futurism has only been popularized in recent times and thus can be
considered as a contemporary phenomenon. Hence, it is amazing to see
such futuristic thinking coming from an individual existing in a
colonial and gender periphery. At the same time, it also makes sense
because innovative thinking often emerges out of dire needs. However,
the radical capsizing of gender roles and relations, which is the very
attraction of the book, can be problematized in several aspects. The
feminist Utopia, for one, is where men are pushed into 'Mardana' as
women were in 'Zenana,' can be seen as the repetition of the very
mistakes of the past. It assumes that women and men are two polar
opposites in the gender binary, and thus categorizes individuals into a
rigid distribution of gender identity. It also assumes that men and
women are political competitors, whereas, in reality, power competitions
happen interpersonally, power tension between males and females is just
a larger picture of this phenomenon. The belief that men and women
harbor solidarity among themselves and only oppose each other when it
comes to gender inequality can be counted a misconception. This is
evident in the text where when Sultana Lands in the Ladyland, and women
joke at her by implying she looks mannish for being shy and timid. Even
in the Ladyland there is a Queen and other hierarchies. Power dynamics
and hierarchies occur more between broader categories, and it is simply
unrealistic to say a hierarchy between females can be maintained without
power-struggle. Thus the presupposition that women will live in
solidarity while they repeat the very injustice men had committed on
them will lead to the similar problematic conditions as the ones that
existed before 'Mardana.'

To further add to this argument, the story presupposes that all men are
one species, and women are another, thus, all members of the same
species will be identical in nature. I find this very problematic,
because this 'Men and Women are two different species' sound much like
Jinnah's Two Nation Theory, and may fail in practical application in the
same manner. This binary division does two fallacies in its judgement.
One is that, it ignores individual diversities by imposing a strict
binary. Second, it is a highly exclusivist attitude. When we ignore
diversity, those who fail to meet the categories are automatically and
systematically oppressed. Harboring exclusivist attitude helps in no way
to resolve this kind of problems. More so, exclusivist attitude promotes
more division between categories themselves. A practical implication can
be seen in today's feminism. Many who claim themselves as feminists are
divided in their own stances on women's question. This is because just a
general tag of women, does not fully define a human being. Such mindset
becomes highly incompatible when it comes to understanding problems in
terms of subjective diversities such as white-aged women, brown-muslim
women, asian-hispanic girl-child. Each have their own problematic
scenario, and is very hard to solve all of their problems from an equal
plane. While it is true that society does attribute unequal roles to
women, seeing this conflict in plain binaries appear fallacious compared
to understanding the dynamics in terms of interpersonal conflicts
happening in gendered coalition.

Lastly, I would say, Hossain is righteous in her dreams of seeing
meritocracy trumping wars and violence, but it is sad to assume that men
are by nature, chaotic while women are by nature something entirely
different. It is not about judging the individuals for the traits they
were given by the existing culture and categorize them, rather,
understanding the differences between individuals is what that should
count for resolving conflicts and bringing gender equity. Therefore, the
question of women's emancipation does not depend on imprisoning men in
'Mardana'; rather reforming the norms and values attributing gender
roles to both men and women are needed so that categorical imbalances in
power relations are aligned and we see an inclusive society where
individuals receive equal importance and opportunities in every sphere
of life.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [March 8, 2018](https://medium.com/p/213f23648030).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/thoughts-on-rokeya-sakhawat-hossains-sultana-s-dream-213f23648030){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
