---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: 
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

### Words {#e028 .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="e028"}

[W]{.graf-dropCap}ords. To choose. From here and over. The other side of
the fence. I seek warmth, i seek comfort in these letters, these
alphabets are the neurons of my ghostly voids. I seek you. You are here
somewhere, i can't find you, I can't see you, where are you? Desdemona,
flora, Fiona, sienna where is the city that I lost on my way to infernus
cavernous, soreness into the madness, into the quoted verses, where are
we going, what do we do, when all is a shame and fame is just through, i
do, what do I do then to put on a ring to bring me to the jail, the
rockets of sea, the dockets of space, the pockets of sandy beaches, I
seek words to choose from, I am here ever unknown and doomed to solitary
creed, freed the dreary, i plead, to not raise me from the dead, I led
an army of sins to the war of Angeles, the lost tribes of Anatolia, the
sodden beaches of Etretat, muses of Athena, flora, la Fiona, Denise
aiden deez, to daze the phases of moth, creeping out of the seedling,
brittle of green cocoa, soaked in mocha of vivid dreams, into the
virtual creeks of gritted electric buzzes, I steal my way through the
maze of digital scores, the binary in my bones, holes in my skull
replaced by the pores of synthetic earth, the Gardener is at bath, the
path is slow, to roughly tired cross, embossed in the frozen attic of
Baltimore sea, lea, ashen to thee, the faces free, the laces loose, and
the bosoms full, the touch too slick, on the black mirror of the
paraphernalia of reason, this treason we commit to this body of sulphurs
and phosphene, I am green, drilling to brim the mind with frail memories
of nightless past, such modern, occult troops of sanity lanes on the
rails of rarity, what can I say to say that I do not say to say, this
blog is boring, through my eyes, to peel off the skins in the sighs, let
us die tonight, but before a chicken fry.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [April 9, 2018](https://medium.com/p/47efff0bdf02).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/words-47efff0bdf02){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
