---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Neverland
date: 2019-05-28 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

A young man's descent to truth and hell 

> I was looking for Eveline. I have always been.

I stood in a square box-hall. A hanging glittering
disco ball revolved overhead. The floor below my feet shook from the
loud beats filling the hall. The call, it seemed, to join the crowd,
already dancing in a crazy rhythm.

Amidst all the strobing glow of Green lasers, random purple lights
stabbed through dark corners. in the drowning smell of sweat and
alcohol --- the Party-Land seemed more than just alive to me.

There was Steve, huge and bulky, wearing his regular hip-hop jumpsuit
and thick golden chains, chomping his way towards me.

"Ergo, my boy! Wassup!"

"Heya Steve!"

"C'mere." He says, greeting me with a thudding handshake. I massaged my
numb fingers trying to fetch a smile.

"Guys, guys, this is Ergo, Ergo, this is Coren, Fergie, Ella... and
and...

"Nino" says the guy in a white suit. He looked pretty polished. The guy
named Coren looked as if he had just returned from a surgery where he
kills patients for fun. He smiled at me with great precision. The girl
named Fergie had sea-green dreadlocks and wore a blue miniskirt and a
tied up white t-shirt. Ella...she was the nearest to me, and, and had
beautiful eyes... the perfume on her was alluring... and...and my mind
was already shifting between thoughts about being with her and where I
was standing.

We shake hands. Steve hands me a welcome drink and drifts off to another
group.

"Ergo... Huh? Nice name dude."

"Thanks. My dad was a Latin fan"

"Oooh, I'm into Latinas." Says Fergie licking her tongue and winking at
a Latina who just happened to be passing by. She winks back.

"Uwuuu" we all smirk at each other.

"Imma get her ass today" says Fergie and separates from us.

"Lucky punk. I wonder if she's Bi."

"I'm Bi. Says, Ella, and I suddenly become aware, as she speaks to Coren
about her recent hookup, that she's wearing glossy lipstick. She's
barely my age, I sense.

"Hookups are fun. If you're lucky enough." Says Coren.

"Fuck luck. Ey Ella, you wanna ...get some fun tonight..?" Says Nino
with a sly smile.

"Well." Said Ella, glancing briefly at me, "I thought no one's gonna
ask. Later guys."

They leave us standing awkwardly holding our glasses of beer.

"Tough luck dude. I think she'd have liked you."

"Oh. Yea. I'm... I'm looking for someone."

"Yeah dude, everyone is looking for someone here."

"Are you in the league as well?"

"Yeah, dude. What about you?"

"I work here."

"Shit! How many hours?"

"Uhh...Twenty-four seven actually."

"No kidding."

"Who are you after?"

"Eveline."

"AHHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHH" comes the roaring laughter of Steve from somewhere
in the distant crowd, his voice echoing from the ceiling. Alarmed,
people bend to take a look. I never got used to the short bursts of his
manic laughter.

Coren stares at me.

"You're insane, dude."

"Maybe I am, man. I just can't take my mind off her. She's so cool!"

"No doubt. I mean I admire her as well. She's such a talent."

"I wonder how she got there."

"She's been running this whole place for decades, dude. Maybe she's a
bit ...too... you know what I mean for you."

"It's okay. I know that as well. It's just... I can't explain it."

"Well, you know what, good luck with it bruh, Imma find someone on my
level shit."

Coren left me there. And there was I.

Looking for Eveline.

Eveline.

Eveline.

It's been a dream.

To know who you are, how you've been.

There, by the sofa, I see a group of businessmen chatting intensely
about something. White shirt, black ties, black suits. No, they were not
men in black uniform. Just some corporate guys, who are the best at
whatever game they are on. I had no interest in them.

I see Steve squirming to get in business with them. Everyone wanted to
get in business with everyone here.

I watched how he moved his bulky feet, his caricaturing body from here
to there, with that dark Bandana on his head carrying the symbol "III".

Around me, the crowd was cheering, ushering in more new guests. The
party had just started, when, who could say, but it has been always like
these, people come and go, but the party stays alive.

"Aaah! Oh shit!"

"Shit!"

"I'm so sorry. Are you okay?"

I look up to find a pair of hazel eyes surveying my t-shirt. Apparently,
I'd run into them, I mean her, with the glass of Beer in her hands.

I shirk off the dripping beers on my dress and ask her if she's alright.

"I'm okay, it' just the beer, I'm glad that I haven't broken the glass
though."

"Can I buy you another one, if you don't mind?"

"Oh, so kind of you!"

We head for the bartender.

I still have a few bucks in my pocket that I've been saving to buy
something for me, but I suddenly felt I could spend a million bucks as
if I had them with me.

"So...!" She takes a sip and offers her hand, "I'm Roxa."

"Ergo, a pleasure to meet you." I feel my voice trembling slightly.

"You seem new here."

"Oh. Umm. I actually work here." I blink several times.

"I work as a journalist. I'm here to cover Eveline's show tonight." Roxa
takes another sip and smiles at me.

Roxa, what a nice name, and what a beauty she was in those tights and
bare-shoulder t-shirt, revealing a part of the ornate tattoo across her
left arm.

She catches me surveying her while she was fixing her T-shirt. I blink
again. She smiles. "It's a mermaid."

"Nice." I gulp and sense dryness in my throat.

Roxa smiles again. Such a pretty smile!

She draws closer.

I could literally tell I was sweating crazily.

"So... umm... How do you ...umm... cover events?" I wasn't even paying
attention to what I was asking. I was lost in those hazel eyes.

"I get to know people...I write about their aspirations. I get some
bucks for that. Been saving a lot for something special."

"Special?"

Roxa winks at me.

"Wanna see?"

---

A few minutes later, in a small room behind the bar, Roxa pushes me
against the wall. Fervently searching my body with her smooth long
hands, and her fingers caressing me all over, I'd never been with
anyone, and what magic is this, I thought.

She pressed her lips against mine, on and on and on, we grind against
each other, getting warmer, until we burn in passion, and take off our
clothes. I look at her and gasp.

Is she a goddess?

Isn't she a marvel?

And so, my hunt for Eveline came to a pause.

---

"You've never been with anyone before." Roxa smiled, slightly panting
still.

"How did you...?"

"It was obvious from the beginning." Roxa smiled on at me as she hastily
put on her T-shirt. "Do you feel relaxed"

"I think so.." I become aware that I'm not shivering anymore.

"I like you."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Let's get out and dance some." She grabs my hand and we get out
into the madness again.

Roxa and I dance, she slides around me, like a charming snake, and I get
charmed even more by her aura. But then I spot someone on the upper
floor, and abruptly stop.

"What's wrong?"

"I think I've spotted her. Eveline"

"Oh. Then you know her?"

"Not much really."

"C'mon boy, spill some beans. Tell me!"

"Well, she's been running this place for years. No one knows how old she
is, she seems in her late 20s all the time. But I'm sure she's been
around here for more than half of that time."

"How did she become the owner?"

"Apparently, she used to be a janitor, but she made her way to the top
of the business. Ever since she's been there, the party-land shot to
popularity and people really come here for her, hoping to meet her, get
a chance to see her a bit."

Roxa stares at me.

"Is that why you chose to work under her?"

"I like her. I mean she's kinda... she has this... thing... she knows
something that I don't... and I'm hoping someday I will make it to the
senior staff and work directly with her."

"So who's your manager?"

"I don't know. Sometimes the bartender, sometimes Steve, they are here
all the time, like me, trying to make some bucks. I don't know Roxa,
Eveline is so ethereal, such a mystery she is..."

"Can you hold my beer? I need to use the restrooms."

"Sure"

---

I watched Roxa walk away to the restroom. As she disappears behind the
doors, I suddenly become aware of the people waiting by the doors. They
all were wearing worn out bland dresses, their faces dirty, some were in
the janitors' uniforms, some were old waitresses. I've worked with them,
but now, it seemed strange, why have I never taken any interest in them?
Why were they janitors and waitresses and not the men in black suits?
Why were they not dancing?

I took a look around me.

The crowd was dancing, madly, rakishly, almost blinded by raw lust.

Staring at the crowd, I got absent-minded, and see Roxa getting out of
the restroom. She makes her way to the bar, gets herself another glass
of beer, and makes her way towards me. I see her from there, but not
really from there. I see myself approaching her again, and hitting her
again, spilling the glass all over my dress and her asking me if
everything's alright. Except. It wasn't me this time. It was someone
else. He helps her up, and he smiles at her as she blushes, and gets
asked if she'd like to be bought another glass of beer.

And Roxa parts with him. Just like that.

Did I feel sad? What was that all about, I now started to wonder.

Who was this girl that I was with twenty minutes ago, who had made love
to me and now probably will be making love to another person, as she
might have done before? How long has she been here? Is she stuck here
like everyone else? Is she stuck here like me? Will we ever bump into
each other again?

I shook my head.

I had to find Eveline. Something told me tonight was my night.

I continue to stand and stare at the people dancing, shifting the weight
on my legs, I watch Steve trying to please some new guests with his
horrible gestures. *The guy's a farce* --- I thought.

I suddenly felt angry. The sounds seemed louder, the lights more
aggressive. The beats were now making my head throb.

I spot a group of men in uniform smoothly making their way through the
crowd towards the corner like sharks wiggling through waters towards a
hunt. They pull out a portable stretcher and pick two coughing janitors
up.

I had always suspected that they knew something that I didn't, and as I
spotted them move, I realized why I never saw people in the party land
leave. At least not in the normal way. Maybe they were always carried
out of it.

And on that instance, I saw a swivel backdoor open up by the wall.

---

A minute later, I was making my way through a piss-stinking corridor,
rusty worn-out doors that led nowhere but to a graffiti of a mermaid
dining with sharks on a landing wall. Beside it was a small backstage
staircase.

The men in uniform were nowhere to be found. They were gone as if they
were never here.

I followed the stairs into more alleys and mazing corners. Until I saw
the light at the end of the tunnel, a door glowing in the darkness,
inviting me to open it.

I felt I knew who was behind it.

There would be the lovely Eveline, ever young and sexy, the lady for
whom everyone was crazy.

I felt my face freeze with anticipation as a bright spark of light hit
me.

The world would not exist without her. Who could have guessed? This
world was a terrible trap, all created by her, and by them who gave
power to her so that they could live their lives. If one could not
control the things that made their lives so horrible, they could do
nothing but die with their tormentors. Not because they were evil, but
because they wanted to take their wretched lives. So, there I was, in
this strange and beautiful place, and for a moment the world had become
real. I held out my hand, hoping my hand would catch and embrace the
warm hand of the lady I recognized as the janitor from the old days.

Eveline smiled, melancholia in her eyes.

"Miss Eveline! I'm sorry, I was looking ... for you."

"And I have been waiting for you." She spoke with sadness pouring out of
her eyes. "There's no need to be sorry.... Not anymore..." her voice was
weak and sad. "I... am very tired.... I could go on, but I'm tired. I'm
exhausted... and I just can't... feel the way I've felt for so long." A
moment later, Eveline's voice broke off and was replaced with a muffled
whisper.

"Sorry about that" she started in a much more subdued tone as she wiped
at her eyes.

"Could we talk while you get ready for the show?" I ask her with
palpitation as I eye her hunky make-up guy.

She nodded with a smile and I settled down before her.

"So, what is it that you seek from me?"

"Answers."

"To?"

"Questions."

"About?"

"About this place, about you..."

"So do I."

"You seek the truth."

"I do."

"And you know your purpose here?"

"Yes."

"So you know what I seek?"

"I know what they're seeking, yes, I'm aware that --- "

"But still... you seek the truth? Well then. Sit tight. You may not like
what you hear."

In what followed, Eveline revealed to me some facts about the
Party-Land.

"No one ever knows when the party had started, but they are here, they
like it, they hate it, they want to escape it" She started.

"But it is what that keeps them going," She continued. "This is only my
opinion. I have never experienced it of anyone, except when I was in the
Party Land as a janitor. It's just a place where I dearly wanted to be
back then. It was the only place left in the world where I could be who
I was, and I didn't plan on letting myself down by allowing people to
discover me. And it's not just me. It is all of the humans I have hurt
and sacrificed for..․"

"What do you mean people you've hurt and sacrificed for...?"

She smiles. And says nothing.

"Eveline! You've been looking for an escape, aren't you?"

"But there's no exit door in the Party-land, dear." She said softly.

"How old are you, may I ask?"

"It feels like --- it's been long. I don't like my own life," she said."
She had a beautiful, calm voice.

"I didn't know who those people were. Neither did they. They pestered me
with questions --- "Do you live in the Party-land? "What's your name?
"Eveline, is it the party?" And then, with a deep breath, she said.
"Oh... There is no party, I have not been part of it since then."

"I don't understand. What do you mean you haven't been a part of it
since then?"

"Well, not all questions have answers, do they?" She smiled and rose
from her seat.

The makeup was done. Eveline looked much younger now.

And with that, the charm somewhat fell off. I could see things that I
was not seeing before. How long had I been there? Waiting to get a
glimpse of her? How long had been it for Steve? Roxa and the party
people? What are they looking for?

On my way out, I take a look at Eveline and wondered why she now looked
so ancient? Have I been lusting after an ancient old lady? And by what
sorcery? And what is this place? Why am I here?

Have I been intoxicated? But who would want to keep me here?

Disillusioned, I break out of the back corridors, and once again stumble
to find myself in the corner where Roxa was now begging to a duo.

"Fuck off you slut!" Says one.

"Isn't she the one who used to sell her body for... you know..."

"Breast enlargement."

"My god, what happened to you?"

"He..." Roxa sobbed uncontrollably. "I almost had all of it, but the
last client took all my money. I can't find him. I can't find him
anywhere. He drugged me and left with all of it."

I quickly check my wallet to find it empty.

I couldn't believe it. If they knew that I have become penniless, they'd
treat me... like the ones taking refuge at the corner. Sick and dirty
people, coughing, vomiting, dresses ripped apart and drenched in sweat.
And who knows when the men in uniform will arrive and take me away to
some place that no one knows where.

I felt nauseated.

I fervently looked around for a way out.

But now I felt drunk. I felt so hazy that I could barely walk.

Where's the exit? Who knew?

I ran from one stretch to another, but there was no corner of the room
to be reached. It had expanded to infinity, there was no other side, as
long as my eyes could go, there were jumping hands and shaking heads in
the shadows and loud beats.

> "There she stood in the doorway;

> I heard the mission bell

> And I was thinking to myself

> 'This could be heaven or this could be Hell'

Eveline was already on the stage, singing some song I now barely
recognized.

As I kept scrambling through the crowd, the words came haunting after
me --- "I had to find the passage back to the place I was before"

But where was I before, who was I, Ergo? Who was here? Who had built
this place? What crooked sorcery is this place? Why can't I quit
sticking around, being addicted to this place?

My head did a double turn, and I found myself on the floor.

Ghastly figures were now bent over me, chanting ---

> "'Relax' said the night man,

> We are programmed to receive.

> You can check out any time you like,

> But you can never leave!'"

---

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar)
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
