---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Tangent
date: 2019-11-21 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

"Have you ever felt full? That overwhelming sense of not wanting
anything, unable to take anything, anymore? Inside your skull, a dull
tune obsessively resonates, vibrates, ricochets on and on and on. In the
trash, the half-baked pasta gets dumped everyday.

"You don't know how to cook, do you?"

"I can try. That's the best I can do."

"I look at the children, unable to find the letters in the darkness of
their screen, they can't read. They can't see. Like a pendulum ball,
they scroll up and down. I don't know how to read. I don't go through
the pages, and decode the smoke-screened tally of history. Remembrance
is for the materialist."

"So what do you want to be right now?" asks me the tangent iris.

"I think I would have liked to be a monk. I would shave my head, and
then bathe in snow-cold water of Volga and start walking, leaving all
the glory and memories behind. I would become a ghost of my past."

Outside the rain clots like blundering storm. I look at the crowd. The
mighty, and horrible silhouette of humans in many numbers. Do not
underestimate their ignorance. They will sell you, their pitiful
stories, then cook you like a broth.

She asks me about my country, one day.

I did not know what to say. I took a sip of the offered wine, puffed a
little on the cigarette and then looked away. What was there to say?
From Tibet to La Paz, I had sought a home, a home for god's sake, some
where I could belong.

I feel that old sadness creeping in. The barbarian madness reeks from
the leftover flashbacks, somewhere in the back of my mind. All I knew
that old country had no place for kind men, no place for women and
children. It wasn't a place anymore. Who ruled that land, no one knew,
it was a slaughterhouse by the Ganges.

"Well?"

"I think I'll leave now. Life is a sad toast, ruined and tasteless, hard
to chew, but we have to chew anyway."

I walked a little here, jogged up and walked back to her house. I had
left my journal, and a pack of cigars. I wanted to be a monk, but I was
just another slave of capitalism. I paid taxes, so that they could burn
the trees and then sell me the air for some more. It was like she had
said, we do not really care until we are at the end of the cliff, and
when at the end of the cliff, all we can do is care but have nothing.

Outside the sky is a gun-metal smoke, and I was an impostor looking for
meaning in the snare.

[MMM, 21--11--2019, Home]

---

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar)
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
