---
title: Monsters
---

Monsters {#monsters .p-name}
========

::: {.section .p-summary data-field="subtitle"}
Naoko was destined to be with me.
:::

::: {.section .e-content data-field="body"}
::: {.section .section .section--body .section--first .section--last name="e7ce"}
::: {.section-divider}

------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::

::: {.section-content}
::: {.section-inner .sectionLayout--insetColumn}
![Photo
Credit: Piqsels](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*gKRn3AYs0ozHUgdQUfJJqQ.jpeg){.graf-image}

### Monsters {#bdc9 .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="bdc9"}

Naoko was destined to be with me.

Her story began with a dream. A rather strange one. The one where she
was transported to my world. Sleeping next to me.

Where I lived, people did not sleep. They lived on coffee, even smelled
like coffee beans. It's a rather small but bustling city, with sky high
scrapers towering over the china-towns and spiralling flyovers.

For Naoko, this was a dream. She had never seen something like this.
After all, Naoko told me that she was raised in the country side.

When I woke up, I was rather embarrassed to find a lady in her twenties
gaping at me in her satin nightdress. I was just a spoiled teenager who
happened to be born in a rich family.

Naoko was unfamiliar to all this, the ornate tapestry, the expensive
paintings and the hanging lights. But she was not naive. From the
moment, she had arrived here, she understood that she was meant to
serve.

"Is it true that your uncles bought me as your birthday gift." Naoko
asked me one day.

It felt awkward to answer. "I needed a friend." I said.

"A special friend, I assume."

My face turned red.

"Have you ever liked a girl of your age?"

"Well there's Kanako in our school. She's very pretty. But she's
really...nosy."

"Your mom told me that you threatened to kill yourself, if you did not
get a special friend on your birthday."

"Can we please watch cartoon now?"

Naoko never complained about having been picked up.

"Do you miss your village?"

"Very much."

"What is it like to be a village person?"

"Well, life is much slow there. And very hard. But there is peace, and
there is serenity in the woods."

"Do you want to go back."

"I want to. But then how would you go on without a special friend?"

She smiles. There was melancholy in her eyes.

Naoko told me bedtime stories sometimes.

My favourite one was the princess and the monsters. Naoko would tell me
how the princess was captured by the monsters and kept as a prisoner in
a dungeon. She would wait for a prince to rescue her, but then realised
that the princes have all turned into monsters as well.

"What does it mean though?" I asked after she finishes her story.

"It does not mean anything. It's just a story." She told me.

Sometimes, late at night, my uncles would call Naoko to their bedrooms.
Even from the bamboo separator, I could hear her cry in agony.

I really got to like Naoko. Even though she was lot older than me.

"When I get older, I am going to marry you." I told her one day.

"I'm sure you would." She smiled at me.

"I'm not supposed to say the word, but do you love me?"

Naoko seemed thoughtful.

"When we are young, our hearts have many doors and windows." She finally
said. "As we grow old, we have to shut those doors and windows."

"Isn't there a way to keep them open?"

"There is. But then, someone would come in and rob us, wouldn't they?"

She smiles.

It's strange how we get used to so many people being around us. But for
me, Naoko was always a dream.

On the eve of my eighteenth Birthday, Naoko gave me a gift I will never
forget. We were talking about how the township is messed up and somehow
ended up talking about adulthood. It's not that I didn't know what they
did, but we discussed it anyway.

"You're slowly becoming a man."

"Is it a bad thing?"

"Remember the story about monsters?"

"What about it?"

"Nothing."

A silence fell between us.

"I wish I could free you from my uncles"

She looks at me. Her eyes are tearful now.

It had been raining since evening. The power went out. Only the halogen
streetlight melted in though the window.

I wiped her tears off.

She cried some more. Looking ethereal now in yellowish light.

"Kitaru..." she whispered drawing closed to me.

This was the first time she spoke my name.

"Naoko...How can I make you happy?"

"Help me wake up." She said.

"But how?" I asked her.

"I don't know." She cried. "I want to wake up. I want to go back."

She was leaning dangerously close to me, and my mind was getting blurry.

I looked at her eyes, and it struck me how lucid and clear they were.
Yet, I felt a melancholy, and I wanted to drown myself in that tar
blackness.

How we ended up in the bed from kissing each other, I didn't know. I was
still dazzled by this euphoria.

When I finally woke up, Naoko was gone. You might say, she had been
called to my Uncle's bedroom from whereon she vanished forever.

I like to believe something else.

Naoko did not vanish. She woke up from that dream of hers. That terrible
dream of imprisonment. The cruel prince had abducted her, and forced her
to love him. But when the prince truly fell in love with her, she was
set free.

Did I see her again?

No, not yet.

But I like to believe she is out there, in that peaceful village of
hers, thinking of me. Maybe someday, she'd just appear at the school, to
pick me up. And we'd runaway from all the monsters in this world.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [July 24, 2020](https://medium.com/p/1df886430c16).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/monsters-1df886430c16){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
