---
title: Dusts
---

Dusts {#dusts .p-name}
=====

::: {.section .p-summary data-field="subtitle"}
"I am only a speck of dust."
:::

::: {.section .e-content data-field="body"}
::: {.section .section .section--body .section--first .section--last name="22c8"}
::: {.section-divider}

------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::

::: {.section-content}
::: {.section-inner .sectionLayout--insetColumn}
![Picture: Young woman at a table, 'Poudre de riz' by Henri de
Toulouse-Lautrec
1887](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*Q-QQ8nhk5LK9uvLhCKepFQ@2x.jpeg){.graf-image}

### Dusts {#92e5 .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="92e5"}

[["]{.graf-dropCapQuote}I]{.graf-dropCap} am only a speck of dust."

He felt he was awake. The room was dark, the fan spun with creaking
sounds. He tried to guess what time it was. It was hard to say. He lay
there in the bed, waiting for the dream to return, bloom on him, as it
did. The life before the dream, seemed far away, like another life in
this same flesh.

He shifted to his sides, and tried to think of what he saw, the words
were all that stuck to him.

He had an impression that it was a beautiful dream. Not the kind that he
usually had, his clients haunting him, chasing him like shadows, until
he was at the end of the cliff, end of the nightmare and he woke up.

He had a teacher, who used to say, the mind is out there. He never
understood what it meant. It seemed like a altered X-files statement to
him. But what if his mind was really out there? What if all the things
happening there in the streets, in the world unseen, and beyond his
reach, they all made his mind? It was a weird thought. And right now, he
felt like Alice, he wanted to go back to that wonderland.

But then, everything was a wonderland itself. Like his work, where he
buttered his clients, and listen to their obtrusive claims, complaints
that were legitimate and horrible. Their soul reeked, as did his, and
they were different kinds of stinks.

He wanted to go back to that dream. He wanted to feel the vividness, of
that trip, being transported to that another world within his brain, and
wished he could remain there.

It's always hot in May, and horrible things have happened this year. A
crow dropped dead before his lawn, and he had thought to himself, what a
bad omen. He took the crow and dumped it in a bin. More crows soon
flocked in. He wondered if crows had graveyards for themselves.

He felt restless, his right hand had found the cellphone. Almost
unconsciously, he had picked it up. The blue screen looked back at him
in equal fatigue.

He took the phone and got up. In the dark, he moved like a toddler,
still his eyes on the screen, swiping with his finger. He wasn't
especially happy with what he saw, but he was hooked.

Outside, there was a low rumbling. A storm was coming.

The more he scrolled, even tired he felt. His fresh feelings of waking
up from something beautiful had started to diminish. Now he started to
suspect, it might not have been beautiful at all. May be it was
something heartbreaking. At this, he suddenly thought of Marina.

He sneakily visited her profile, a page that struck blows to him, like
it always did. She was in Germany. Her students called her "Professor"
now.

He stared at the screen, but now thought of something distant. In his
dream, he had been with Marina. They were visiting the Rotterdam, taking
pictures together. She was smiling. At him. He knew there was a spark in
her eyes, that matched his.

It was a different Marina. Not the Marina he knew. But he wished she
were. That was a strange thing, now he realized, in dreams, he saw what
he wanted to see. Maybe it was not Marina at all, it was just his
expectation, wrapped in her skins.

The Marina he knew was different. When you talk to her, she would look
at you over her glasses, watching you spew your every word. Then she
would say something, or maybe ask something about what you were saying,
and you'd be stupefied. Not that she did it to put people off guard, but
he suspected it came spontaneously. Oh, and she hated men.

"Men", she had told him once, "are predators who are programmed to have
women." He had been talking about how men and women fulfill each other,
and this had thrown him completely off-guard.

It was statement that was hard to refute, or object to. And he did not
know how to respond to that.

"But in this society, we gotta live together in harmony, right?"

"Are you saying, that we need to listen to the oppressive regimes, to
live a life?"

"I was merely suggesting that perhaps the old ways had a magic that gave
meaning to our lives."

"Sure, but don't forget, magics are tricks by illusionists, and behind
the scenes there is not much magical things happening."

She thought marriage was a trap. At the moment, he denied it. How it
could be a trap, he couldn't tell. Maybe what he thought was natural,
was seen by her as a slavery.

He went on a few Tinder dates. The women he went out were often younger.
Nothing worthwhile happened, except that one time, the lady said, you
strike me a bit thoughtful and different. Are you always like this? They
were in a restaurant, having carefully measured bites. Who would like to
look like they are devastatingly hungry on their first date?

Unfortunately, it didn't work out. She kept his messages hung, like a
wet cloth to dry out in the sun, and then one day forgot entirely about
it. More new messages may have buried his ones, he couldn't tell for
sure.

But surely, it wasn't about dating women. It wasn't even about getting
to bed either. Women like Marina, left in him a sore spot, a kind of
void, that was just hard to fill. But then again, if you use someone to
fill a void, Marina becomes right. He still couldn't agree with her.

The curtains swinging violently brought him back to his seat. He got to
the window, and outside the storm was there. He was supposed to shut the
window, but he stood there, watching the other side of the road. A few
vagabonds lay in their torn shawls, now waking up to the signs of the
storm.

On nights like these, he wished, someone accompanied him. Someone, like
Marina. Not the Marina he knew, but the Marina he kept returning to in
his dreams.
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [June 14, 2020](https://medium.com/p/432bf47b0385).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/picture-young-woman-at-a-table-poudre-de-riz-by-henri-de-toulouse-lautrec-1887-432bf47b0385){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
