---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: Feel Good
date: 2020-07-23 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

The shower splashed me with mild-warm water.

I happened to have this habit of taking a shower before I hit the bed at
night. Helps me sleep well. Not that I often sleep well, but I shower at
night anyways.

Showers have something special about them. It makes us reveal what we
really are. May be that's why people sing in the shower, even though
they'd never sing in front of people. Do people cry? I wouldn't know.
I've never heard anyone brag about it. May be they do.

I shower at night because it makes me feel good. Not the kind of feel
good that you have when you turn on the tap, and the water splashes you
with water and cleanses the dirt and sweat off you. No, I wasn't talking
of anything of that kind.

The flat seemed hollow. In the evening, when I return home, no one would
jump out to scare me. So I wouldn't have any excuse to fake the scare
and laugh together with Clara.

Now I sneak in, without making much sound, take off my shoes and close
the door. The flat looks abandoned, even before I turned on the lights.
Not that the place wasn't cozy. It's just that, it didn't feel as warm
as before.

Well, I have my own solutions for that. Clara disagreed though. When
Danyka would fall asleep, Clara would turn to me with questions and
regrets. She'd tell me how she wasn't happy with me and she wasn't happy
in this place. It seems strange now, why I never resisted her, I let her
speak, while I poured pint after pint of whiskey in front of her. At
some point she'd start crying and her face would be blurred by my mad
laughter.

Danyka once told me that she pretended to sleep during all those times.

After that I gave up alcohol. But may be it was too late. A few days
later, I came home from office, as usual, and found the flat empty. It
didn't strike me unusual, Clara often went shopping with Danyka, who
enjoyed it as much as her mother.

I called Clara to ask when she'd return. The line remained unavailable
every time I called her since then.

It took me some time to fathom that my wife and daughter had left me.
When I realised this, I had developed an awful burn across my chest. And
that's how I got into the habit of showering at night.

But perhaps, there were more to what had I hoped to find. The feel good
showers held an unexpected gift for me.

A few days after I had started showering at night, I became aware of the
presence of someone outside of the shower-unit.

It was weird. At first, I had thought that someone must've broken into
the flat. I found no one though. "I must be hallucinating," I concluded.

I called in the plumber the next day and stripped the shower walls off
the blur-posters. Now I could see if anyone was moving outside the
shower-unit.

Nothing special happened that week.

But I felt eerily uneasy. I was sure someone was moving outside the
shower unit. Was I drinking again? No. But I had to see who it was.

The plumber was annoyed when I called him in again to put up a new and
more solid poster to blur the shower-unit's walls.

I waited around till the evening fell and entered the shower.

When I decided that my hypothesis was wrong, I started to feel angry for
the pointless plumbing measure. I was about to get out when I heard
someone move outside the door. Not only the person moved, I heard her
hum.

I was so sure that it was Clara, that I opened the door almost instantly
so that I could talk to her.

But the room was empty as it had long been.

It took me some time to understand it. When I did, I no longer felt sad.

From then on, Clara kept visiting me. I let her hum, and move about the
room, pick the clothes up and turn on the washing machine. I could also
hear Danyka move about, shouting cheerfully and asking questions to her
mother.

For a long time, I had been unhappy, but now I felt good.

"CLARA! I CAN'T FIND MY TOWEL!" I called out from the shower like the
old days.

"COMING!" She would respond from the kitchen.

I could hear Danyka laughing in fits.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

On most days, I woke up in the shower.

I wanted to tell someone about this, but who was there anyway? Besides
no one would believe me.

My boss called me to his office one day to ask me about my health, how I
was doing. He even said he was concerned about my health and then
politely gave me the golden handshake.

It did not feel as bad as it was supposed to be. I was happy that I
could spend more hours on feeling good.

Do people cry in showers? I did not know. Not many people brag about it.

At night, I get into the shower. I listen to Clara move about like a
breeze and Danyka play in the room. I wonder why I never picked up the
happiness in these small details. The water splashes over my cold body
wrapped in wrinkled-skin. And it feels good.

---
By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar)
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.