---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: A Better Lie
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

These are the stories that no one will remember.

I was walking by the lake and was suddenly aware of how pointless the
leaflets were. They swirl, without an owner or a home, the words they
carry gives them no meaning to their existence.

Perhaps I am overthinking today, I am supposed to visit him, and the
thought of it makes me irritable for some reason. Not that he and I were
exactly in good terms... he was after all my only living relative.

"Do you ever stand in front of the mirror and think --- how am I even
alive?"

"The wise one risks his wit if he thinks too much." He told me one day.
I found his advice absurd. In this bustling city, you are constantly
worried about something or another. Did I pay my bills? When am I
getting the salary? Is the fridge empty? When is the next visit to the
doctor?

We have spun ourselves a net. And now we're the ones looking like a fly
in it.

"Maybe, it's all about the choices we make." I told him. "In the sea of
people, we are surrounded by choices, bombarded by thousands of it at a
time."

He was thoughtful. Maybe he hadn't considered this before. I was elated.

"Choice is an illusion. Do not fall for it." He replied after a long
silence.

But that was years ago. When I tried too hard to sound like an adult.
Every single thought seemed like a philosophical breakthrough. And
gratification gave purpose to the budding intellectual endeavours.

I have left that life behind. I am not a kid anymore. I run an empire.
Well not technically an empire, but I have a business of my own. My day
starts with elaborate planning of schedule, I spend hours in the morning
reading books and scanning the trends, I know how this world works, and
I was making my way up. There was no time for whimsical discussions.

I had to change my mind though.

That day, I woke up in the morning as usual, made myself a bowl of
pasta, a big cup of coffee. I was getting ready to get into my study
when the guards said someone wanted to see me about something about my
Audi's insurance.

I was expecting a middle-aged man in his late forties with bald patch
and moustache. Instead, it was a young lady in her twenties.

I am drifting into the thoughts about her again. Which is weird. I
prefer not to indulge in those kinds of thoughts, especially when
there's business involved.

It's not use trying to repress the thought of her, and at some point I
had given in. I called her, politely asked her if she could visit me
sometime soon. Well not exactly the way I have described it, but yes,
there was a hint of urgency that gave away why I wanted her to visit me
again.

The next day, a young man came to see me.

When I asked him about the lady, he informed me that she had left the
job.

The thought of it made me feel miserable. It was rarely that I became
attracted to anyone and the fact that I had lost her in the haystack did
not help.

That night, I did not sleep well. The morning after, I did not get up
early. I lay in the bed and watched television, flicking channels after
channels.

I felt a bit sick in the noon and threw up. Afterwords, I circled in the
front yard for a while.

And I remembered his words about having choices.

He was right about something. Surely his wisdom wasn't coming from his
knowledge. It was coming from the burden of age.

I decided to visit him. Maybe he would have something to say.

But for some reason, I was feeling uneasy about it. He and I used to
have lots of conversations, most of which got dragged till the next day
and the day after and after. "It's the socratic method," he used to say.

Then he got married, and he had kids, and he entirely forgot about his
own words.

I was disillusioned. Surely, one who cannot stick to his own words is
not saying the truth.

Perhaps I could finally see something in the equation. Women were
anomalies in the lives of men like us. In the pursuit of truth, they
must be avoided.

When I get to his house, I find my aunt and their children are gathered
in the front yard. There was something odd about their faces and stance.

I came to know that my Uncle had passed away a few days ago.

I did not know what to say and decided to spend the day with his family.
It was mostly awkward silence and broken by occassional muffled sobs by
my cousins and aunt.

In the evening, I returned home and found her standing in front of the
gate.

"I couldn't stop thinking about you. Is it too unsettling for you?" I
told her.

"I could say the same."

"You left your job, I heard."

"Yes. It's not pretty to go on a date with the client."

"Did you just say 'date'?"

"You have problems with that?"

"I don't think so."

We both looked at each other. In the shadow of the evening, she was the
anomaly, the truth I hoping to find was long gone. I think I finally
understood something. It was not really a pursuit of the truth. Just a
better lie.


---

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [July 20, 2020](https://medium.com/p/194d74a2752d).[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/a-better-lie-194d74a2752d){.p-canonical}
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
