---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/melissa-askew-vg5pdCxjFwY-unsplash.jpg
navigation: True
title: Malady
date: 2020-02-23 10:18:00
tags: Fiction
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

For the last few nights, Lira had been suffering from an uncomfortable
malady.

A shoe-designer, she works late at night- cutting fabrics, and making
changes to the wooden base. It was a tedious job, and Lira excelled in
it. The payment was never enough for her and her daughter, but it got
them through.

The landing room was full of stacks, some for fabrics, some for wooden
bases. A single oily sofa sat beside the stacks and the only window in
the room behind it. The next room, was a simple bedroom, that had a
kitchen crammed in it.

The old apartment reeked of fabric adhesives, paint and paint-thinner.
To be fair, neither the mother, nor the daughter were very organized in
their lifestyle, and it reflected in the outlook and atmosphere.

Of course, Lira had a workbench, a second-hand table, where Ima studied
in the evening.

On most days, Lira would come back from yet another meeting with
clients, tired and angry. She would drop the canvas bag on the sofa and
start the stove without a word.

"You're tired."

"Go and study, dinner will be late"

Ima goes back to her studies. When she comes back to check on her
mother, she finds her snoring on the bed. Ima doesn't wake her up, she
goes and turns the stove off. She wasn't allowed to cook ever since she
had a major burn on her face from an accident as a kid.

Lira was, dreaming, she was surely. It was not a particular nightmare, a
couple of scattered scenes tied together in a string. You usually don't
remember dreams when you wake up. You don't need to.

Still Lira became very nervous when it was time for her to nap the next
day. She was nervous, of that strange dream repeating itself. She
skipped her meal for the day and went for a walk.

The city where Lira lived, it wasn't where she was born. She came here
with her husband. The man was from here, and he left them both when her
daughter was born.

Here, the sky remained dull on most of the days, and the atmosphere was
damp and clumsy from all the waterbuses roaming through the heart of the
city. The waters were far from refreshing, rather dark and dirty. Lira
couldn't say she particularly liked living there, but then again she
didn't really have a choice.

At home, Ima and Lira eats silently. The only sound was that of a shabby
clock ticking in the landing room. Then someone knocks-

"Go and get the door." Lira says.

"But..." Ima starts

"Why aren't you listening? Go." repeats Lira.

"Well?" asks Lira when Ima returns.

"The mailman." Ima sits down on the bed.

"You never let me open the doors." she says, chewing her food.

"How many times did I tell you no to speak when chewing?"

Silence fills the room again.

When Ima goes to sleep, Lira moves to the landing room and opens the
envelop. There was no surprise in it, just another rejection letter.

Lira goes to the workbench and resumes her work.

In the morning, she wakes up gummy mouth on the workbench and realizes
that she was late for her day job.

When Ima wakes up, she is once again surprised.

"Aren't you supposed to be at work?"

"I took a day off."

"Oh."

But the day off doesn't come around.

Lira doesn't cook. Ima wonders what was wrong with her mother. Her eyes
were red and looked sore. Ima screams at her mother, who remains stoned
in her gaze.

That was the first time in her life, Ima cooked. It was nowhere near
edible.

But Ima filled her stomach with the half-boiled rice and over-cooked
vegetable.

She made her mother eat some of it too.

"When you were small..." Lira starts to speak up.

"Yes?"

"When you were small, your father and I made a pact. That we would
protect you at all cost."

"Didn't know that. You're doing quite well though." says Ima while
chewing hard on the half-boiled rice.

"Your father was angry at me."

"Yes you told me before."

"He is coming to visit us now. He says he is sorry. He is going to come
and take us away from this shithole society."

"Mom, don't. Dad died a long time ago."

"You don't know anything. He has been visiting me in my dreams. We are
going to leave this town. We'll go somewhere far away, somewhere like
the place I was born. I'll show you those green rain-trees, wide valleys
of grass, the water there won't be stinky, I promise, and the houses
there won't suffocate either. We'll go there and raise you like you
never burned your face."

"Mom, please, I am.." Ima was about to start, but then someone knocks at
the door.

"It's your father. Open the door."

Ima feels confused. Her heart beats faster. She had never seen her
father. What would he look like? What will he say when he will see her?

Slowly, she opens the door.

"Your mother has a mail from her client. I think they have accepted her
offer this time."


---
By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar)
Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.

Photo by Melissa Askew on Unsplash