---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/
navigation: True
title: 
date: yyyy-mm-dd 10:18:00
tags: 
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: mmmonowar
---

### Pisstink {#e79b .graf .graf--h3 .graf-after--figure .graf--title name="e79b"}

I woke up with Pisstink dawning on me.

Do you ever have those days when a word gets stuck in your brain, and
you keep hearing it, like a tape on play? I mean, I have it pretty
often, and sometimes it gets really bad.

I needed to take a piss. The hardest thing in the morning for me is to
take a piss. Like flexing your self before a marathon.

A sinister vibration tells me that I'm getting late for work. I hate it
when it does that. I hate everything going on here. It bleeds me to be
awake. Not that I'm a lazy fellow, but this pisstink is boring the hell
out of me.

Father used to say if you breathe well in the morning air, you add five
years to your life. Oh boy, only if he knew that I live near a tannery.
Perks of finding accommodation comes in many shapes, I guess.

Pisstink tells me that I'm thinking about pissy things, that it could
piss me off. But you see, that's the thing with me- when it gets stuck,
it gets stuck and I see the world through it.

My mind runs through the many faces I will have to face today. They say
a new virus is in town, that it is going to kill us all. I wouldn't like
to die myself, but if it could lay a few in this town, I wouldn't mind.

I make breakfast with pisstink. It was nice and warm, the pisstink I
mean, like a talkative lover keeping you company as you file through the
dry breads.

I wonder if pisstink knows that I am going to murder someone by the
evening. Would it love me, if I did? What if it was pisstink that made
me murder someone? That would be really awful too.

The streets lay riddled with construction work. I make a half-slip and
make it quick. Pisstink shouts on behalf of me. I thank it.

At work, I fall sick. I guess it's not my day, but the thoughts of his
death made me tumble in the heels. This is how you will kill someone,
tells me pisstink.

I look down through the window of my room. It was a valley of slum lying
at the feet of mighty corporate hills. When these people die, no one
will come to bury them.

When we had power, we were different... There was no pisstink, to begin
with.

After the fall, I woke up and realised that I was a pisstink, living in
pisstink. The air smelled like piss, the food tasted like piss, the
people I hanged around pissed me off.

But then, my job was to add value to products and sell it like a skilled
capitalist. Not that I was good at it, but at least it bought me my
breads.

By the time I get out of work, the headache starts to piss me off. For
heaven's sake, stop! Look, at the people, they are ugly and sweaty and
dirty and what not. They are trapped in pisstink like you are. Whoever
said they are here because they are in love, was lying, okay?

I had to get home, before I drowned in my own pisstink. But where was
home? Where was this place where I could fall asleep in a blink, and
make love without thinking of death. It was the opposite here.

By the end of the night I was supposed to murder someone, pisstink tells
me. In this town, people go mad for no reason. It's worse than the virus
if you tell me. But of course you won't hear me, except pisstink.
Pisstink listens, and then regurgitates all of it on me.

The evening was bathed in hotness. The billboards were alive with cheap
ads- their sounds far from soothing. A kid comes to me, hands raised for
alms.

These fellows have lost it. In the city of the ailed, they were the
dead. I watch a begging mother carry her baby with her, they both reeked
of piss.

I move on, but how could I move on, really? The world has more problems
than the people in it. But really we make most of it. Pisstink was
right, whatever he said, we must really learn to care for ourselves. I
must learn to care for myself.

And so, I get into a restaurant, I order a chicken sub and pineapple
juice. Halfway through, I realize the sub was stale and had turned into
a pisstink.

The juice wasn't so bad, but I couldn't bear to stay there, lest it
became pissy too. And I resumed the walk home.

Like I was saying, this place pissed me off. Look there, two babies
playing on a stalled truck. No one cared if they got killed over there
by a speeding bus. These imps were smitten with dirt and had no idea
they were in pisstink. Hah. We'll see.

I passed my not-so-pissing drink to one of them kids. If he drinks it,
he's a pisstink. The joke will be on him.

I buy a pack of bread for breakfast. It's the same struggle, the same
pisstink to deal with, just different days. The streets will be padded
with people, still, given the virus doesn't start laying off, I'll have
to deal with the same hypocrisy, making a face to meet the faces, to
deliver the smiles at the doors of the chaos and pretend the world isn't
ending.

I get home. Putting down my bag, I remember that I had handed the pack
of bread to an old man begging. You're not so bad, are you pisstink?
:::
:::
:::
:::

By [Muhammad Mustafa Monowar](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar){.p-author
.h-card} on [March 9, 2020](https://medium.com/p/aecfa3be0b33).

[Canonical
link](https://medium.com/@mmmonowar/pisstink-aecfa3be0b33){.p-canonical}

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on June 11, 2021.
